deputy chairman fred hampton of the
illinois black panther party
[Applause]
[Music]
repeat after me
i am
[Applause]
you're looking at 18 months
for the stolen car five years for
impersonating a federal officer
or you can go home
the black panthers are forming a rainbow
coalition
of oppressed brothers and sisters of
every color their aim
is to show hatred and inspire terror i
will learn all that i care
these ain't no terrorists you can murder
a liberator you can't murder liberation
you can run a revolutionary but you
can't murder revolution
and you can murder a freedom fighter but
you can't learn
[Applause]
foreign
you